User Manual

Task 1:
1. First run cmd and open the folder "Task1".
2. Input the command "java NetAnalyser" and then press Enter.
3. You can see the interface, then enter a valid URL in the text box on the left, 
select the No. of probes in the drop-down list, which is from 1~10, and finally press the "Process" button.
4. Wait for a little time, the output from the ping command is shown in the middle text field, 
and the histogram of RTT can be seen on the right of the interface.
5. If there are some errors, "Something wrong happened" will be shown in the middle text field.
6. You can repeat the experiment without having to relaunch the application, just repeat form Step 3.

Task 2:
1. First run cmd and open the folder "Task2".
2. Input the command "java NetAnalyser + a number from(10~20inclusive)" and then press Enter.
3. If your input is invalid, the interface will not open, and you will be told that 
"You should give a number between 10 and 20 inclusive.
Please run the program again."
4. If your input is valid, you can see the interface, then enter a valid URL in the text box on the left, 
select the No. of probes in the drop-down list,which is from 1 to the number you have input,
and finally press the "Process" button.
5. Wait for a little time, the output from the ping command is shown in the middle text field, 
and the histogram of RTT can be seen on the right of the interface.
6. A file named by the URL and the current time is created in D:/, you can see the RTT and histogram in it.
7. If there are some errors, "Something wrong happened" will be shown in the middle text field.
8 You can repeat the experiment without having to relaunch the application, just repeat from Step 4.

ExtraCredit:
1. First run cmd and open the folder "ExtraCredit".
2. Input the command "java NetAnalyser + a number from(10~20inclusive)" and then press Enter.
3. If your input is invalid, the interface will not open, and you will be told that 
"You should give a number between 10 and 20 inclusive.
Please run the program again."
4. If your input is valid, you can see the interface, then enter a valid URL in the text box on the left.
5. If your input URL is invalid or empty, a new interface appears to tell you "The URL is invalid, Please try again"
6. If your input URL is valid, select the No. of probes in the drop-down list, which is from 1 to the number you have input,
and finally press the "Process" button.
7. Wait for a little time, the output from the ping command is shown in the middle text field, 
and the histogram of RTT can be seen on the right of the interface.
8. A file named by the URL and the current time is created in D:/, you can see the RTT and histogram in it.
9. If there are some errors, "Server cannot be reached" will be shown in the middle text field.
10. You can repeat the experiment without having to relaunch the application, just repeat from Step 4.